axmngt-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
axmngt-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
ccentral1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cellar2eli-euf-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cellar2eli-euf-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cellar2eli-mer-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cellar2eli-mer-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cellarbo-bk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
cellarbo-dk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
cellarbo-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cellarbo-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
cellarbo-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cellarfo1-tk;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
cellarfo2-tk;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
centreonbo1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
centreonbo1-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
centreonbo2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
centreonbo3-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
centreonbo4-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
centreonfo-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
centreonfo-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
compil-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cpoller1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cpoller2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cpoller3-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cpoller4-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportaldiff1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportaldiff1-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
cportaldiff1-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cportaldiff2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportaldiff2-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
cportaldiff2-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cportaldiff3-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportaldiff3-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cportaldiff4-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportaldiff4-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cportalflex1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportalflex1-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
cportalflex1-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
cportalflex2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportalfs-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
cportalfs-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
cportalfs-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
enotices-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
enotices-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
esentool-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
esentool-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
etenderext-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
etenderext-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
etenderint-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
etenderint-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
eudorarc-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
eudorarc-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
eurlexfo-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
eurlexfo-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
eurlexfo-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
eurlexrh7fo-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
fedorafs1-bk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
fedorafs1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs1-recover-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs1-recover-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
fedorafs1-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
fedorafs1-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
fedorafs2-bk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
fedorafs2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs2-recover-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs3-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs3-recover-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs4-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
fedorafs4-recover-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
formexweb-euf-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
formexweb-euf-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
formexweb-mer-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
formexweb-mer-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
idol1-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol2-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol3-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol4-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol5-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol6-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol7-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idol8-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
idoltmpeuf1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
idoltmpeuf2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
idoltmpmer1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
idoltmpmer2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
infra1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
infra2-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
infra2-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
infra3-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
kibana-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
ldap1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
ldapa-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
ldapa-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
ldapb-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
ldapb-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
lodref-dk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
lod-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
nagios-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
nifi01-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
nifi02-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
obvmwssksms;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Development
opdns001;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
opdns002;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsanntr;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsats01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsats02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsats03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsats04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsatto1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsaws01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsaws02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsaxgtw;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsaxgw2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsaxrly;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkp07;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkps1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkps2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkps3;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkps4;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkps5;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsbkps6;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelbo1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelbo2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo10;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo11;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo12;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo13;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo14;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo15;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo16;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo17;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo18;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo19;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo20;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo21;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo22;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo23;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo24;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo25;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo26;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo27;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo28;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo29;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo30;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo3;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo4;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo5;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo6;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo7;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo8;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscelfo9;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsciba1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscklex;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsconsl;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscpp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscpp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscrm01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwscrsng1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsdefa1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsdish1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsdygw1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsdygw2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwselv01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsetrst;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsidol50;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsidol51;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsidol52;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsidol53;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsimmcb;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsjir01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsjurex;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwslegap;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsljpar;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsmedor;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsnmc01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsoad01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsoad02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsodp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsodp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsodp03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsa01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspses01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspses02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspses03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspses04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspses05;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspses06;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsmq01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsmq02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsmq03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsqp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsqp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspssa01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsxd01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsxd02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwspsxd03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsrlk01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsrvpxy;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwssicof;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwsstudb;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwssumlf;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
opvmwstsx11;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Production
orion-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
orvmwsats03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsats04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwscelbo1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwscelbo2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsciba1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwscndwh;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwscrsng1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsdefa1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsidol50;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsidol51;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsidol52;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsidol53;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsljpar;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsoad01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsoad02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsodp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsodp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwsodp03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspses01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspses02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspses03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspses04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspses05;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspses06;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsmq01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsmq02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsmq03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsqp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsqp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspssa01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsxd01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsxd02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
orvmwspsxd03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Reception
otvmwsanntr;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsatm01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsats01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsats02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsats03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsats04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsatto1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsaxgtw;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsaxgw2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsaxrly;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsbkp99;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwscelbo1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwscelbo2;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsciba1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwscklex;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsconsl;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwscrm01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwscrsng1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsdefa1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsdish1;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwselv01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsetrst;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol05;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol06;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol07;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol08;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol09;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol10;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol11;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol12;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol13;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol14;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol15;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol16;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol17;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol18;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol50;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol51;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol52;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsidol53;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsimmcb;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsjir01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsjurex;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwslegap;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsljpar;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsmdr01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsmedor;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsoad01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsoad02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsodp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsodp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsodp03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspses01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspses02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspses03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspses04;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspses05;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspses06;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsmq01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsmq02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsmq03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsqp01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsqp02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspssa01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsxd01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsxd02;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwspsxd03;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsrvpxy;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwssicof;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwsstudb;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwssumlf;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
otvmwstst01;VMWare Virtual Hosts;Test
oud-euf-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
oud-mer-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
planjo-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
planjo-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
planjo-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
pmki-dk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
ppubli-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
ppubli-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
puppet-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
qa-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
qa-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
qccoord-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
rdfngbo-bk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
rdfngbo-dk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Development
rdfngbo-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
rdfngbo-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
rdfngbo-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
rdfngfo-euf1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
rdfngfo-euf1-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
rdfngfo-mer1-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
rdfngfo-mer1-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
satellite-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
styleguide-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
styleguide-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
svn-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
svn-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
tedmonitor-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
tedmonitor-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
vocbenchacc-pk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Production
vocbenchacc-rk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Reception
vocbenchacc-tk;KVM Virtual Hosts;Test
