otvmwscfm02                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsint03                                      PoweredOff
odvmwwxp01                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsesw01                                   PoweredOff
otvmwswtr03                                    PoweredOff
opvmwsseq01.old                           PoweredOff
Mirage-App2                                     PoweredOff
opvmwsseq03                                   PoweredOff
opvmwsseq04                                   PoweredOff
opvmwsseq05                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsodp02                                   PoweredOff
orvmwsftp01                                     PoweredOff
otvmwsaxrly                                      PoweredOff
otvmwsbo002                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsepo01                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsftp01                                     PoweredOff
orvmwsodp01                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsspwa1                                   PoweredOff
obvmwsshp02                                   PoweredOff
otvmwstst01                                      PoweredOff
otvmwsaxgtw                                   PoweredOff
obvmwsidol03                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsjva02                                     PoweredOff
obvmwsshp01                                   PoweredOff
otvmwspin01                                     PoweredOff
Mirage-Digit                                       PoweredOff
obvmwsidol04                                   PoweredOff
obvmwsidol01                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsf5001                                     PoweredOff
otvmwsjva01                                     PoweredOff
obvmwsidol02                                   PoweredOff
opvmwsseq01                                   PoweredOff
Mirage-App                                        PoweredOff
otvmwsf5002                                     PoweredOff
obvmwsshp03                                   PoweredOff
otvmwsint02                                      PoweredOff
otvmwsshps1                                    PoweredOff
otvmwselv01                                     PoweredOff
otvsojf020                                           PoweredOff
Mirage-W7-IE9                                  PoweredOff
Mirage-Capture                                PoweredOff
